README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋

My name is Todd Ginsberg. I live in Raleigh, NC and work as the Lead Engineer for Payments at a large multinational bank. I love writing software and feel very fortunate to do it for a living. I have been using Java actively since 1995 and Kotlin actively since 2016. I have been using Spring Framework in some form or another (mostly via Spring Boot, lately) since 2004 (Yes - version 1.0!). I am also a board member of the [Triangle JUG](https://www.meetup.com/Triangle-Java-Users-Group/).

I am a huge fan of the [Advent of Code](https://adventofcode.com). I have repositories with clear solutions in Kotlin for 2017 through 2023, as well as posts describing these solutions [on my blog](https://todd.ginsberg.com).

I enjoy public speaking and have recently spoken at conferences and user groups on the following topics:

- An Introduction to Kotlin
- Java Cram Session: Get caught up on the latest Java changes
- Introduction to JDK Flight Recorder
- Advent of Code in Kotlin: Lessons Learned
- Beyond JUnit - Pragmatic ways to increase code quality


### Fun Facts :fox_face:

- 🌱 I’m currently working on finishing up a conference talk on two aspects of Project Loom - [Structured Concurrency](https://openjdk.org/jeps/462) and [Scoped Values](https://openjdk.org/jeps/464).
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on interesting Kotlin or Java projects.
- 💬 Ask me about whatever you feel comfortable asking. I enjoy talking about code and discussing solutions.
- 📫 How to reach me: Contact information is listed on my blog - [todd.ginsberg.com](https://todd.ginsberg.com).
- 😄 Pronouns: he/him/his

Commit message:

Change current project
+ Move Project Loom presentation to presentation list
+ Change current project to gatherers

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋

My name is Todd Ginsberg. I live in Raleigh, NC and work as the Lead Engineer for Payments at a large multinational bank. I love writing software and feel very fortunate to do it for a living. I have been using Java actively since 1995 and Kotlin actively since 2016. I have been using Spring Framework in some form or another (mostly via Spring Boot, lately) since 2004 (Yes - version 1.0!). I am also a board member of the [Triangle JUG](https://www.meetup.com/Triangle-Java-Users-Group/).

I am a huge fan of the [Advent of Code](https://adventofcode.com). I have repositories with clear solutions in Kotlin for 2017 through 2023, as well as posts describing these solutions [on my blog](https://todd.ginsberg.com).

I enjoy public speaking and have recently spoken at conferences and user groups on the following topics:

- An Introduction to Kotlin
- Java Cram Session: Get caught up on the latest Java changes
- Introduction to JDK Flight Recorder
- Advent of Code in Kotlin: Lessons Learned
- Beyond JUnit - Pragmatic ways to increase code quality
- Project Loom Is More Than Virtual Threads! Sturctured Concurrency and Scope Values.


### Fun Facts :fox_face:

- 🌱 I’m currently working on a library of [Stream Gatherers](https://openjdk.org/jeps/473).
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on interesting Kotlin or Java projects.
- 💬 Ask me about whatever you feel comfortable asking. I enjoy talking about code and discussing solutions.
- 📫 How to reach me: Contact information is listed on my blog - [todd.ginsberg.com](https://todd.ginsberg.com).
- 😄 Pronouns: he/him/his
